English
Loading...
Press space to start!
Exit
New game
Load game
Credits
Language
back
Author
Sign up!
Registration
Nick
Gender
Avatar
Favourite color
enter nickname
Android Version
//Profesor intro
Hey! Good to see you!
Welcome to the world of Tube Tycoon!
My name is Bionicl
People call me Tube Professor 
I'll guide you through this wonderful world
inhabited by creatures that we call... Tube Tycooners
For some people, it is for fun.
Others use it to make real money!
Myself...
I study Tube Tycoon as a profession.
Your very own legend is about to unfold!
p.s: Love from ewbank <3

A world of dreams and adventures awaits!
Let's go!

Office
Notifications
RECORDING
EDITING
PUBLISHING
PUBLISHED
Career
Record movie
Record game

//Movies types
Basic vlog
Daily vlog
Gifts unboxing
Tag
Cooking video
Sports video
Prank
Show




Record some movies/games to see statistics!
Already recorded
All views
Total money earned
From:
To:



Your card does not meet the game engine requirements! Try updating the drivers. Game can be unstable...
Visit Facebook fanpage
Computer version
Visit game's website
//Record Vlog
Simple Vlogs
Tags
Sport&Cooking
Other
Basic Vlog

Daily Vlog

Opening gifts
from fans
Record tag

Create
your own tag
Cooking video
what we will cook today?
Sports video
show us what you can!
Prank
spiderdog, and more!

About
BLOCKED
RECORD
RECORDED
N/A
OCCUPIED
Interest
Recorded a total of

The process of creating your movie will take:
sec
Proposed title
Start typing to change title!
Ep.


//Skills
Basic vlogs
Daily vlogs
Record tags
Cooking videos
Sport videos
Pranks
Record show
Green screen
Create own tags
Gifts from fans
Basic games
Single player
2nd&3rd recording slots
Minecraft Single player
Minecraft adventure
Minecraft Multi other
Multi player
Online games
Co-op games
Games from fans
Exclusive games
Explosions in the films
The W brotherhood
x2 faster publication
Channel intro
Reflinks

Just sit, start the camera and talk on the topic given. As easy as pie.
Your crazy fangirls would like to see your daily routine. Mind showing them some?
Tags are like truth or dare game, but with other YouTubers.
You think, you're a better cook than Gordon Ramsay? Prove it to your subs.
Start with running. Try some push-ups.Yoga maybe? Finish with your fame rising to the top!
Spiderdog? Elevator prank? Impress people with your weird, extraordinary ideas.
Fame, money and great carrier. But tbh start with the idea. That's what really matters.
We don't need no amateurship. Unroll the greenscreen and release the magic or even deep space.
Remember the tags? Now it's your turn to humil... challenge other YouTubers.
Everybody knows you. Check your mailbox, there will surely be sth nice to unbox inside.
You can play them endlessly. However you shouldn't expect many views.
Turn on your microphone, open your favourite and let the game begin. Relax, take it easy.
One series isn't enough to entertain for long. Add some colours to your channel.
Feeling like diggin' some dirt? You've come to the right place.
It's time to socialise with a couple of human beings. Play adventure maps with friends!
Gather your mates and make a series like no other. Teamwork's OP.
You're not the only player around. It's time to show who's the boss. It's fun & subscribers like it too.
Simple and calm, the browser games as the are. Reflinks <3
Connect to Skype, and surf on the wave of galactical flow with your fellow YT stars.
Have you ever wanted a game, made just for you? Now you get a couple everyday!
Even MegaGameCorps admire your reputation. They send you some exclusive stuff to try out
Nothing can catch the attention better than an ol' good explosion.
Neither FBI nor MI6 could solve the mystery of The Brotherhood. It's high time you changed it.
Don't stay behind. Buy a mile long optical fiber and 1 TB/s transfer and you'll be good for a while.
You have to care about you brand. Enhance your channel with a short intro movie.
"Hey guys, try this game out..." BOOM! Your account balance: Millions of $$$





















































Points required
FILMS
OTHER
GAMES
Points to distribute
Unavailable
BUY SKILL
ALREADY BOUGHT
UNAVAILABLE
















//Notyfications 241
You lack energy
You can record max 3 films simultaneously
Accept all the films first!
Buy the skill in Career menu first
Already recorded today! Come back tomorrow
No new gifts! Try again later...
No new invitations, try again later...
Hey honey, wait a sec!
As you know, the game is free. If you like it, and you want it to grew bigger and better, I invite you to contribution site. Every coin is welcome, and you get the chance to appear in game! Interested? ;)
OF COURSE!
LATER
Confirm shutdown
Close the game? All unsaved progress will be lost. Autosave is made when sleeping.
CLOSE
CANCEL
lolololololol 2 - dotacja
The game is being recorded in this slot
Last episode
Confirm recording last episode. You won't be able to record this game anymore but it will make space for a new one. It's good to use this option if interest is low.
RECORD
CANCEL
























//Tutorial
Widzę, że jesteś już po rejestracji, pięknie! Witaj w biurze, to tutaj będą podejmowane wszystkie najważniejsze decyzje dotyczące twojej przyszłości!
Zacznijmy od wybrania ścieżki, którą będziesz podążał! Kliknij opcję 'Kariera' aby dowiedzieć się więcej!
Oto drzewko umiejętności. Tak, tak, sam nie wiem, czy dożyjemy momentu, kiedy uda się to wszystko odblokować :D
Gdy obejrzysz już sobie wszystkie opcje, zwróć uwagę na dwie możliwości umieszczone najwyżej: nagrywanie filmów oraz nagrywanie gier.
To właśnie od nich zaczniesz swe zmagania. Pamiętaj jednak, że wybierając jedno, nie wyklucza to możliwości rozpoczęcia też innej drogi, więc eksperymentuj!







































































//Side Notyfications
New mail
click here to read
a new message!
Recommendation!
liked your movie
Bad luck!
hated your movie
User
subs
to read, open
the notification center
New tag












ost

//Translation
Translation by Marcel Daniluk
Select language
Unfortunately, only Polish YouTubers are currently in the game. People from other countries will be added in the future!
Start your adventure!
Be aware this is not the final version of the game ;)




Settings
Setting
bug/idea























City
Welcome traveller! After coming in here, you are for sure concerned, what this place might be... We are the Brotherhood associating alchemist from all countries. We possess ancient knowledge of arcane elixirs which give great power and might! For a humble fee we'll help you in creating one of them... What say you?  
Hahaha, marvellous!
Now, choose the appropriate ingredients.

Return to office
Visit W brotherhood
Visit games shop
Close
Essence
Powder
of time
of activity
of fame
of publishing
of energy
of luck
of interest
of experience
of amount
Brew
Skill improved!
Shorter publication time
The publication time is 2 s shorter now! From now on accepting films won't last forever!
Longer interest in games
Thanks to the potion you comment your games even better! From now on you can record more episodes before the game becomes dull.
Max energy enhanced
I'm I right or... Yes! This green bar of your's just shaked. From now on you have more energy to spend during the day!
More exp for recording
After drinking the mixture you feel kind of more... academic! From now on every film gives you more experience points than usual!
Bigger recommendation chance!
Wow! Somehow you're now more likeable than before?! From now on you have bigger chance of being recommended by famous youtubers!
Recommendations give more viewers.
Try not to drown in the overwhelming numbers of subscribers. From now on every time you are being recommended by a YT fame you gain more viewers.
Haha! So YOU are the person we've been told so much about! I would like to tell you what we are doing here, but this would be the last thing you would ever hear... Well... First unlock the corresponding skill in "Career" menu!*Only then we may talk...
Well you want to use our service once more? Not so fast! We'll need few moons until our magical cauldron's energy recharges... Meanwhile you can take a tour around this wonderful surroundings. Can you see the beatiful tint of light? We see it everyday here!
Hello friend, they call me Gaben.*I'm here because I bought this family business. This old miserable game shops dare think they can survive in the modern world.*However, if you are here to buy games to record, you will find those in "TubeStim" - it is where you usually record new let's plays!*Remember Gaben is love, Gaben is life.*Gaben.
Games shop
//Letters
Congratulations!
Support 
Our team has just found out you uploaded a very first movie on your channel. We hope it is the one that marks the start of your great career and that you will show everyone who rules the YouTube world! Try to imagine a beautiful ship in the middle of the ocean. You are standing on the deck! Wind blowing in your face, the sound of waves in your ears... do you feel it? Yes, this is the success! You can achieve it, we believe in you!**Best wishes,*Admins
Partnership
Support
Congratulations!*You just crossed the magic number of 100 subscribers! Our experts looked through your channel and it was accepted for our partnership program. But what's in it for you? Tomorrow we will add ads to your film. Ads mean income and income means money. Every evening, starting tomorrow we will send an invoice containing informations how much you have earned.**Thank you, for being with us!*Server admins
New tag to record!
Hello!*I'd like to invite you to record a tag on**
**I just recorded it on my channel and i think you may like it! Good luck in recording!*

























































// RecordGame/TUBESTIM 
Slot
Browse library
Slot locked
Start new series!
Back
Game locked
Game available
You are recording this game
Game recorded
Lack of money
Game can be continued


Basic game
Singleplayer game
Minecraft singleplayer
Minecraft adventure
Minecraft multiplayer other
Multiplayer game
Online game
Co-op game
Game from fans
Exclusive game



Let's play
Record


Game cost
Played for






Click anywhere to start new day!
Click anywhere to wake up and welcome new day!
New day awaits! Click anywhere...
The weather is tubetastic! Click anywhere to enjoy new day!
Feeling sleepy? Click anywhere, and you will be fully revitalised!
Oooh yea! This day will be awesome! Click anywhere...
Nothing brightens the mood more than a couple of new films! Click anywhere...
//Sleep 17
End of day
!
Current level
Max energy
New
Level
Game saved
ACCOUNT
Rec.Games
Rec.Movies
Other
TAX
Brotherhood
Rent
SUM
Prv.Balance





//Cooking
How to cook
How to prepare
We are burning








//Comments
COMMENTS
Best comments